Update region-migration.md (#4383)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/platform/src/projects/region-migration.md

## Alternative process

**These tools are not directly supported by {{% vendor/name %}} support team, but you can open issues in their respective repositories directly.**

> You can leverage the tool we opened to our users to clone your project from region to another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have open-sourced [ClonSun](https://github.com/upsun/clonsun), a tool that allows you to clone a project from one region to another.
```

> This tool can be found in our github organization: [ClonSun](https://github.com/upsun/clonsun).

Reviewer 2: GitHub ;)

Author: Fixed

> This tool can be found in our Github organization: [ClonSun](https://github.com/upsun/clonsun).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You will be able to migrate most of your project from one region to another, the remaining step being to move your domain from 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClonSun helps you migrate most of your project assets from one region to another with some remaining manual steps like moving your domain names from 
```
